Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us today.
It's Diana and me. She's behind the camera and she's been reading to me all day.
Our internet's been down because we had a big storm come through last night, but we got a lot of rain again and the Lord blessed us.
But with no internet, no videos. So, we've been reading and she read a lot of things in the Old Testament to me from Nehemiah.
And I told her, I said, 'You know, this is really interesting.
Some of these prophetic men that walked the face of the earth went through so much.
You know, I have nothing to complain about when I hear the stories of what they went through. I mean, my goodness!
But this is the book we found.'And Sister Billye Brim, the big prayer warrior, my mama prayer warrior is what I call her—she is an amazing woman of God—she told us about this book this week, and I just wanted to tell you all this book is amazing if you find it.
It's on Amazon, right? Yeah. Or you can find it on eBay or probably a lot of other sites.
Yeah, there's probably a lot of places you can find it. You just have to Google it or whatever and you can find this book.
But I encourage every believer to read it. I think you read half of it today, Timmy.
But it gets you so excited about heaven. It gets you so excited about what's coming.
Folks, the future's bright. I just told Diana, I said, 'I have to take a break.
You have to read it slower because I want to download and just process what this man is saying about what he saw.'He had an accident—not to be a spoiler alert, but he had an accident—and he died for eight hours and he came back, and the testimony of what the Lord showed him when he was there is breathtaking.
It's just absolutely wow. So, I encourage you to read this book.
I don't know him, but she recommended it and I trust her immensely.
So, all right. But let me tell you now what I saw the last time we prayed together. He showed me an alarm clock with hands straight up.
I saw the alarm clock going off, and there was a man in the bed asleep, and he was not hearing the alarm clock that was so loud going off above him.
It was on a shelf, and I could see the room was white and it had books on the shelf. It was a bedroom and I could see the person.
He was asleep and the alarm clock was going off, but because he did not wake up, the Lord said, 'Now there's going to be a great shaking to awaken.'And I saw the Lord taking the body of this man and moving him like this to wake him up.
And He said, 'What's about to take place will wake up the remnant.
Most of the people—what's about to take place will wake up everyone.
I don't know how you're going to sleep through what's coming, but maybe some will, but most will wake up.'And so then the Lord said to me, 'You want the greater glory.
You want the greater outpouring, and this is what it's going to take to get it.'And I saw each person, each individual person, we were all different colors.
We all had different garments on, but each one of us was playing an instrument in an orchestra.
Some were the brass with the tubas and the horns and all the trumpets and all the beautiful sound.
Some of them were the drums. Some of them were the cymbals. Some were the chimes, some of them were the harps—all the beautiful things, right?
But as we played together as one body, we made beautiful music together.
And then I saw a puzzle, and each person was a puzzle piece to what God wanted to do to join His bride and His people together.
But He said to me, 'So many of My people in the body have gone and started to be lone rangers.
They don't want to be a body anymore because they're offended.'So they say, 'Well, I serve the Lord by myself.
I don't have to have a relationship with the church because they've hurt me.
I don't want to be a part of the church.'And they had an attitude about the church.
So they just said, 'Well, I'm a Christian. I fellowship by myself.'And they just wanted to be alone like a lone ranger.
And He said, 'There are no more lone rangers in the body of Christ. You must come together as the days approach.
Forsake not the assembling of yourselves together, and even more so as the days get closer and closer.'Basically, what the Word says.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm calling My body back together.'And He said, 'If you don't get along with that fold, then repent and go find one that you can, and be led by the Spirit of the Lord and find a body that you can go to and be a part of that congregation that you feel comfortable being with.
But don't make the excuse, 'I'm a lone ranger. I serve the Lord by myself.'Okay, that's what He was saying to me in this vision.
And He said, 'Each one of My kids is a vital part of the puzzle.
Each one of My kids—there's not one greater and there's not one smaller. Each person provides music and brings their supply.
They bring their supply to prayer, their supply to the church, and each person brings that supply, and it makes us all sound beautiful together.'But if you hear some drum off by itself, it's just a drum.
But a drum that's with a choir with an orchestra sounds beautiful, doesn't it? It makes beautiful music.
You go, 'Wow.'It's so important that we function as a body, is what the Lord said.
Without strife, without discord, without all this stuff, we flow together.
And it was beautiful, the way He painted the whole picture to me.
I was like, 'Wow.'And then He talked about Acts chapter 2, verse 1, I believe it is—I don't remember exactly, it was around there.
He talked about how, before the great mighty wind of the Holy Spirit with cloven tongues as of fire, they were all joined together in one accord, with one voice, with one accord.
And then a sound from heaven as a mighty rushing wind came. But before the great outpouring of the Holy Spirit in Acts chapter 2, they were of one voice and one accord.
And the Lord said, 'This is what I'm looking for. If you want the greater outpouring, you must be one voice and one accord in prayer, functioning as a body.
Not lone rangers, as a body—one voice, one sound flowing together.'And then He talked to me about that.
He said, 'I'm bringing the finances because I saw a rocket ship.'And He said, 'I'm taking you to the outer stratosphere.'He used a word that I'm not really familiar with.
And He told me, He said, 'Brandon, I'm taking this rocket ship, but the rocket fuel is going to be the finances.'And He said it will be so much so that He gave me the scripture of Moses and how he told the children of Israel, 'There's too much.
You can't bring any more of all the blessing because we don't have enough room to receive it all.'And the Lord said to me, 'There will be such a surplus and such a blessing on My body, to the remnant of the people who will listen to me on what to do with their finances, that it'll be such a surplus that you'll have more than enough to pay for the churches, for the food, for water, for whatever you've got to do to bring in this end-time harvest because the people are coming in.'And there won't be a lack among anybody.
Remember when it said in Acts—also it said that they sold all their possessions and they brought all the money in, and nobody lacked any good thing?
Nobody lacked anything. There was abundance for everybody because everybody took care of everybody. They were a family.
That's why every time I start these videos, I say, 'Good morning, family.'Because when we get on the other side and you read this book, you're going to see that we're a family up there.
We're the family of God. We're the family. We are a family. We're not like, 'Oh, well, you know.'He even talks about how there are no locks on any doors because there's no crime, but everybody just visits everybody and talks to everybody.
You go and visit your friend from down the road, and you're saying, "Hey, how are you doing?"at their mansion.
You go down the road and you see there are kids outside playing in heaven.
He said it's a glorious family, learning and fellowshipping, and folks, it's wonderful.
But it's not about everybody being in strife; it's about walking in love.
And I understand there's a lot of people with a lot of different beliefs because there is a lot of different thinking and because we've all been raised differently.
I get it. But God wants us to come together and be one-minded, of one faith in the days ahead.
And there'll be one great revival. There's going to be one great revival.
And so that's what I had for you today. That's basically a rundown of the prayer time we had last time.
And it was beautiful to me because I saw the Father's heart concerning each one of us, that there's not one greater and there's not one smaller or better or whatever.
It's just we're all a part of the puzzle, and we are a vital piece. You're a vital piece to God's plan.
Every single one of you is a vital piece to God's plan for the future, what He wants to do on this earth, and what He wants to do in heaven for the thousand-year reign.
Every single one of us has a vital part. Let's pray for Elon today.
Okay, after I've said all that, it's on my heart to pray for him.
I know I've made some of you mad, and you are on his bandwagon.
You love him, and you think you know him and all these things, but I'm going to tell you, I get this stuff by the Spirit of the Lord to warn you about Neuralink and these things in the days ahead.
I am just trying to help you. If you don't want to believe that he's a rat and all these things, that's fine, folks.
I get it. I'm just here to relay it, but I'm not here to make enemies.
But let's pray. Let's pray for him today. You know, that's the best thing I could do.
Let's pray for him to have an encounter with Jesus Christ again, with Elon and all the things I'm saying.
The digital dollar is coming. Ezekiel 38 and 39 war is coming.
The Bible told us it would. So the dollar, the United States dollar, is in the way.
So if they get the new bill passed for five trillion more dollars, it's just like giving a blood transfusion to keep the economy going, to keep things going.
But inevitably, having all that debt and all the things going on, it's never going to be fixed.
And people say, "Oh, Brandon, we have all this gold. We have all this silver.
We have all this stuff."Folks, I'm just telling you what the Spirit of the Lord says. We're on the right road.
We're on the road going 100 miles an hour to the end times right now, and things are coming so quick.
We are almost done. And the dollar has to go away for the new system to come up.
So if you want to delay the inevitable, fine. I mean, I'm ready to go home.
I hope you are, too. This will help you get excited about going home and seeing Jesus.
Many of you have no idea what's waiting for you on the other side.
And books like this will help fan that flame, and you'll be so excited, like, "Let's go right now."I told Diana, "Wow, Lord, let the rapture happen today.
I'm ready to see you."But most people, like I said, they'll say, "This isn't convenient.
I'm not ready to go home. I want to have a wife and kids. I want to have marriage.
I want to win the lottery,"or whatever your heart's desire is other than Him.
And I'm going to tell you, if your heart's not with Him, I'm really sad for you because He's a good God.
He wants to love on you, and He wants, I'm telling you, He wants it.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers. As it is in heaven, heaven on earth, He wants you to live in.
It's your choice by what you do on a day-to-day basis to spend time with Him, by your giving, by how you take care of those around you—the hands of Jesus.
He said He would do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
That's the kind of God I serve, and that's what I believe. I don't believe in...
Some people say, "Well, God's God. He's mean, all these things.
He's up there, and He's just a mean God."I don't believe God's a mean God. I know that the devil's a bad devil and God's a good God.
The devil is a bad devil, and God is a good God, and He loves you, and He has a plan for your life.
And I'm telling you, if you don't know the Lord Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you need to know Him.
I encourage every YouTuber to tell people that Jesus Christ is coming, tell them that He's coming soon, and give altar calls.
I told my son, "What really makes a minister of the gospel? What makes a prophetic voice on YouTube?
If you're a real prophet, shouldn't you give an altar call?"I see a lot of prophetic voices on YouTube, but none of them give altar calls.
None of them even really pray for the sick. They tell you a couple of words, they tell you some things, and they tell you what's on their heart, and they get off.
But they never give you the opportunity to make a choice. That's why I'm really concerned about a lot of voices nowadays that are on the internet and on TV.
Do they give you an opportunity to make a choice? Do you want to receive Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior today?
Nothing else matters. And I say that because it's true. All this other stuff, the prophetic words, any-who cares what goes on down on this earth.
Bottom line, all of us, we could die today. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, or in hell. Either one. You're going to go to either one.
You say, "Well, I don't believe it."It doesn't change anything whether you believe it or you don't believe it; it's irrelevant.
It's truth. There will be a day when you stand before the Father and give an account for everything you've done on this earth.
And either you've given your life over to Him, or you never did.
What will you do when you're standing before Him? What will you say to Him? "I didn't believe in You. I didn't believe in the stars.
I didn't believe in all the stuff that You've created and all the beauty and the splendor of Your handiwork of the heavens.""I didn't believe in it.
I thought it was just evolution. I just thought it was by coincidence."Woe to you that are taking that big of a risk.
Are you willing to take that big of a gamble? That's a big gamble.
Are you that big of a gambling person to say, "I didn't believe there was a God.
I didn't want to serve Him. I didn't believe there was a hell"? What if you're wrong?
If I'm wrong, I've lived a really good life, and I've lived a moral life, and I've done everything I could do to be a good person if there is no God.
And I'm wrong. But if you are wrong, you're in trouble. Are you willing to take that risk? I don't know, Diana. Do you think anyone would be?
I don't know anybody that would be willing to take that much of a risk, but there are some people that are.
And when you get on the other side, you know, Anton LaVey, the head of the Satanic Church, he said on his deathbed, "Oh no, what have I done?
Oh no, what have I done?"What was he saying? Those were his last words: "Oh no, what have I done?"That's scary. The man of the Satanic Church.
You know what's interesting also is I heard a lady say—she was a nurse, and she was talking about it—she said she would be in there in the ICU, and some people, when they passed, they left a fragrance of peace.
You could smell a fragrance of flowers sometimes, and there was a peace in the atmosphere.
But she said when you heard certain people die, she said it smelt like sulfur and they would scream in terror as they were dying.
'Oh no, they're real,'people would say. I'm trying to make you slap you a little bit to get some reality.
Probably some of you have already clicked out, but I'm here to talk to you and tell you Jesus Christ loves you and he has a plan for your life.
Would you know my friend today? Would you accept my friend today?
He's waiting on you with his arms wide open. All you have to do is say a simple prayer with me.
Say a simple prayer with me and say, 'I need a savior, Brandon.
I've messed up. I'm tormented at night. I've got all this stuff going on with me. I'm sick in my body.
I've got all this stuff, and I don't know if I die tonight where I will spend eternity.'Let me tell you, I'm willing to pray with you right now.
I want to pray with you. I want you to say a simple prayer with me right now, and I believe that today your name will be written in that Lamb's Book of Life.
Say this simple prayer. Say, 'Brandon, I want to say it.'Let's do it.
Let's go right now. We're going to go before my Father and he'll be your Father now.
Ready? Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God. I believe you died and you rose again on the third day.
I believe you died for my sins. Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Forgive me of my sins today. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I need you. I surrender my life to you. I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Come into my life. Make me anew. Cleanse me from all unrighteousness and sin.
Thank you, Lord. I'll serve you from this day forward. All the rest of my life, I dedicate my life to you to serve you.
Thank you, Lord.'I believe you're saved right now. I believe that now.
You believe he's the Son of God. You believe he died on the cross.
You believe he rose again. He's seated with the Father at the right hand.
You believe all that. You just got born again. It doesn't have to be all religious, folks. You just say it from your heart.
With the heart, confession is made unto salvation, and that's all you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ died for you and he rose again, and you confess it with your mouth.
Now, what do you do next? If you don't have the money to buy a Bible, get a Bible. I will send you a Bible if you can't afford a Bible.
If you don't have the money to get a Bible, Diana and I would love to send you a Bible for free, and we will not solicit your number or your address or anything.
We just want to send you a Bible. It'll be coming from Amazon.
We will send it to you, a New King James Version or Amplified or something. We're going to send it to you, okay?
Free of charge, just because we want to celebrate your decision today to give your heart to Jesus Christ, and so we're going to send it to you for free.
And I want you to find a Bible-believing church. Tell the pastor, 'I got born again watching a YouTube broadcast, and I want to get baptized in water.'It is essential.
You need to get baptized in water. Go and get baptized in water.
Go and make a public display telling everybody that you made the best decision you could ever make by accepting Jesus Christ.
Today, you find that church. I don't know, today is Sunday or Monday or whatever it is.
You go this week, you find a great church, find one that you have peace about, you feel good about, and go in there and learn and listen and you grow.
Find some classes, usher, get plugged in there, do something and just know that Jesus has a plan for your life and we rejoice with you.
Now, comment down below, tell everybody, 'Hey, I got born again today watching the broadcast.
I watched this and we want to rejoice with you.'Everybody around us wants to rejoice with you and get excited about your decision and be happy for you because it's a great day of celebration.
If one comes to the Lord, it says the angels in heaven are rejoicing.
If there's hundreds of you, who knows? They're having a big old party up there waiting on us.
I'm excited. So, we want to rejoice with you. And so, that's where I have to go with that now.
But we're going to go on to the next part of the prayer service.
So, if you need a Bible, just send us an email with your address in it and put Bible in the subject line.
Did I not say that, babe? No. Okay, sorry. And we'll send you one for free.
Okay, well, we'll send it for free. And so, my wife is the one that does all that.
So, let's do that. So, all right, well, we're going to take communion. We're going to pray.
But I just want to say this to the YouTubers, to prophetic voices on here: start giving altar calls. We've got to start doing this.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, I'm waiting on you.'And when he said that, I took that as a challenge, like, 'Well, okay, Father, we're going to bring in as many people as we can.'If I can have an influence on your life to tell you to give your heart to Jesus Christ, then I did my job.
And he's like, 'I'm waiting on you.'Then by all means, let's do it more, at least a couple times a week, you know, let people make a decision.
You know, it's so important. All this other crap... That's why I said people ask, 'We need money.
We need all this stuff.'We'll never ask you for a dime on this channel. All I want to do is just freely give the gospel out to people.
But I hear so many different things and I go, 'You're missing the point.'We've got to tell people Jesus is coming.
They're right. We're running out of time. And I'll not get up before him in heaven and he say, 'Brandon, you never told me.
You preached so many times on YouTube and we listened to you, but you never told me I needed to get saved, and your blood be on my hands.'Heavens no.
Heavens no. No, let's take communion together. All right. Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions. You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, Lord, we are healed. And we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that no sickness, no disease, no sickness of any kind, from heart disease, from diabetes, from high cholesterol to Alzheimer's, dementia, all of it, it's all under the blood.
And we thank you, Lord, that we have the mind of Christ. We're healed and whole.
You have made us whole and well. And Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law according to Galatians 3.
We're redeemed from it. And we thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, right now. And we come boldly into your throne, Lord.
And after Diana's been talking about how many sacrifices they had to make and animals in the New Testament and the Old Testament, folks, we are so blessed to have this communion.
Don't take it for granted. Don't take it for granted. The people in the Old Testament, they had it rough.
But they made it, but we have it so easy. And yet there's so many more.
They believed, even the old heathen people, the people that weren't even Christians believed in God, and they respected and gave offerings and did things from what Diana is reading to me.
I go, 'Wow.'But there's so many doubting Thomases with the New Testament.
So many doubting Thomases with the grace right now, that Jesus Christ loves you.
Thank you, Father, for the body. You said make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, that you forgive us. We're cleansed and we're washed in the blood from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
Thank you, Lord, for the plan. And oh, what a plan. Oh, what a planner you are, and that you have it for us today, that you have that plan, that perfect plan.
We plead the blood over us, that no demonic attack comes against us, Father, that we're covered.
We put a bloodline around our houses. We put a bloodline around our children, around our wife, my finances.
And I thank you, Lord, for the blood and the finances that are abundantly supplied for us. That's what we do. That's what you pray.
And we thank you, Lord, that we walk in abundance and we're not lacking any good thing in the name of Jesus.
Amen. We thank you for the blood. Thank you, Father. So, let's sing a song together. Many people will know this one, but maybe some of you don't.
But I love it because I've been reading this book and stuff, and it's one of my favorites.
It's: 'Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies. Heaven we're bound.'And 'Jesus is coming soon.
Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky. Going where no one dies, heaven we're bound.'Glory to God.
I look forward to that. Oh, 'Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise, righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies.
Heaven we're bound.'Thank you, Lord. You're so good to us, Father.
All right, Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Let all heaven and earth proclaim. Kings and kingdoms will all pass away.
But there's something about your name. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus, there's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain. Kings and kingdoms will all pass away.
But there's something about your name. Kings and kingdoms will all pass away.
But there's something about your name. There's something about it.
You are beautiful beyond description, too marvelous for words, Too wonderful for comprehension, like nothing ever seen or heard.
Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? Who can fathom the depth of your love?
You are beautiful beyond description. Majesty enthroned above.
I stand, I stand in awe of you. I stand, I stand in awe of you. Holy God, to whom all praise is due, I stand in awe of you.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord. For you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the Lamb upon the throne, and unto you we lift our voice and praise.
You're the Lamb upon the throne. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord, for you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the Lamb upon the throne, and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
You're the Lamb upon the throne. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. You know, I feel his presence so strong.
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
It's nothing but the blood of Jesus. As we dance with you, Father.
If we could just sit with you a while. If I could just sit with you a while.
I need you to hold me. Nothing could touch me if I could just sit with you a while.
Moment by moment till forever passes by. Moment by moment till forever passes by.
If I could just sit with you a while. I just want to sit with you, Lord.
Thank you, Father, for the time that we have to sit with you for a while. We take our care out of our prayer today, Father.
We follow you and all the songs, all the things that we magnify you, and we exalt you, and we give you praise, Father.
What is on your heart today, Father, for the people? We pray and we come into your throne room boldly, Father, and you show us that which is to come.
We have eyes to see and ears to hear what the Spirit of the Lord is saying today.
And we will hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
But your Spirit of the Lord is present. There is freedom. And it's the peace that passes all understanding.
Peace. Peace. Wonderful peace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Lord, we love you. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord.
I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh Lord, for you are Lord.
You are high above all the earth. Thou art exalted high above.
I see services right now, services in the days ahead. I see these services.
I see crowds of people in these buildings and they're all worshiping the Father, but I'm talking Holy Ghost camp meeting.
Holy Ghost camp meeting. Holy Ghost. Oh, Holy Ghost camp meeting, in anticipation of what I'm about to do.
For in my presence there's fullness of joy. For in my presence there's fullness of peace.
I told you it'd be fun.'And the fun has just begun. I see all the services.
I see them and the people. It's like Christmas morning to a child.
It's like Christmas morning magnified by 10. For what is he going to do within?
The church services will be glorious. The church services will be glorious, putting my finishing touches.
I see healings. I see demonstrations and manifestations. Services that last till 3 and 4 in the morning, some lasting until the next day, just relieving the next one.
I see they go 24-hour services, 24-hour services, coming and going, and going, and going. And each one different, with a different flow.
In anticipation of what I'm about to do through you, and in anticipation of great peace, I see great peace and excitement from church service to service, anticipating what each one is going to be, for each one will be different.
I am multifaceted. I've said to you before, I am multifaceted.
I'm endless. There is no beginning and there is no end. Do you see?
I am the one that created time. He says, I see it. But in him, they're endless.
And there's many more, there's layers, layers of the glory.
There's layers of the glory, things that you can't even fathom yet.
You've only seen a part of me in the glorious church services before in the past.
And what I'm going to do with these closing sessions upon this earth, the closing sessions of my glory, I've saved the best for last.
That's what he said. There were laughter movements. There are falling down Holy Ghost movements.
There are the fog movements. There are all these things that you've done in the past, but I've saved the best for last.
He says, 'Anticipate something big. Anticipate me to show up big.
Azusa Street was just the beginning. Do you see the pillars of fire?
You will see the pillars of fire. You will see the Shekinah glory. You will see.
But even greater works you will see.'He said, 'Pray into that now.
Pray into that. Pray into that. Pray into that.'I just gave you a glimpse, Brandon.
Yep, he did. He did. I saw it, Diana. Oh, Diana, it's going to be so wonderful.
He said, 'There will be no sick among you.'No sick among you.
You'll have to try not to get healed. You'll have to try not to be healed.
You'll have to resist it. Praise God. For there'll be no feeble among you.
He says, 'I've waited for this day. Where sin abounds, my grace does much more abound.
I've said, for where sin abounds, my grace does much more abound.
And this will be an explosion of the grace.'Oh, I bring gifts, bring gifts.
I bring gifts. I bring gifts. A bridegroom always brings gifts to his bride. Bladder infections just got healed right now.
Someone with a bladder infection, it's almost like you have a growth of cancer in your bladder. Bladders are being healed right now.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'I see a bladder,'and the Lord said that bladder has like a cancerous growth.
It's dying and growing, right? Going away right now. It's going like this.
And I see that you've been passing blood through this. And the Lord said, 'This is no more blood. There's no more blood. The blood is going away.
Bladder cancer is going away.'And it spread in other parts and that's going away too, that it's metastasized.
I hear Him, and it's all going away. Oh, you're watching this video right now.
There's even stomach cancers, growth in the stomachs going through the cancers.
There's no more, in the name of Jesus right now, healed and whole and well.
He said, 'I'll give you a taste today.'That's what He said. 'I'll give you a taste today. Oh, just press right in and grab a hold of it by faith.
Whatever you're believing for, for your miracle today,'He said, 'I'll give you a taste of what I'm about to do in this earth today on this Pentecostal Sunday.'He said, 'This is Pentecostal Sunday.
This is a great turnaround for a great time. Turn that frown upside down for smile time.
Smile time. Depression's leaving. Depression's leaving. That's what He said.
For as a Pentecostal Sunday, oh, I am going to visit your churches today.
Oh, I'm going to visit you today in your outpouring, in this new outpouring—a greater outpouring of my Spirit.
Oh, Papa.'Oh, nothing is impossible for me. Nothing is impossible for me.
He said, 'You'll have to be.'It's like saying, 'I don't want to dip in that river.
I don't want to dip in the river.'Some people won't, but that's your choice.
It's time to jump in the river. I have everything that you'll ever need in the river.
Standing underneath that faucet, standing underneath that waterfall, standing underneath it—it's time to receive it all.
Oh, you'll lack no good thing. Today marks a day in the spirit realm through this Pentecostal Sunday.
That's what He says. I hear Him, 'For it will be the goodness of God that brings men to repentance in these last days.
You'll see them. For I bring a great shaking to awaken, and the people will awaken in the goodness of God.
You'll see them. They're going to come. But what are they going to get when they come?
Have your antenna ready to receive everything I have for you. Receive it like a receiver. Be a receiver.
Be a receiver, a distribution center of my glory, a distribution center of my presence, a distribution center of what I've longed to give you.
I've longed to show up in these manifestations of the glory.'Oh, but many of the ministers have said, 'No, we will not allow the Spirit of the Lord to move here.
We can't control it, right? We don't want it to get in the flesh.
We don't want it to get out of control.'I hear Him say, 'So there, you've quenched me all the way.
Don't worry about those things. Just let me flow. Just let me flow.'He says, 'You hear what He said? Let me flow.
I'll sort it all out.'He said many will start off in the flesh and they'll tap into the Spirit and it will be a mighty work. It doesn't mean to quench the whole thing.
You see there, I see services, and I see the old-time ministers, 'Well, we don't want to get too carried away, too caught up in there,'and they push it down.
He said, 'I will not allow that anymore.'Every single sickness, every single disease, for it is the goodness of God that will bring them to their knees.
For the ones that seem the farthest lost, the ones that seem the farthest gone, He says, 'They're so lost in the world.
They'll have one moment with me, everything will change. One moment with me and everything will change.
For there's nothing too far gone and there's nothing too far lost for me to bring them out of it.'I see Him in pits and He's pulling them out of those pits that Satan has put them in.
He's pulling the people out. 'I've come,'He said, 'to set the captives free.'That's what He just said.
He said, 'I've come to set the captives free, Brennan, but I'll do it through you.'And He said, 'Heaven on Earth.
You'll see heaven on earth of demonstrations. You'll see heaven on earth.
It's time to believe me for big. Nothing's too big.'He says, 'Nothing's too big.
Your heart's desires, get out of poverty thinking. Get out of stinking thinking.
Watch what I do with your youth. Watch what I do with the youth, and even the children's church.
Watch what I do with the youth. This isn't just for you adults.
I'm going to pour out my spirit upon the children, and on your sons and your daughters.
And watch what I do. Watch what I do.'I see youth services. I see youth buildings. I see auditoriums. I see coliseums.
They're not auditoriums—a coliseum like a Cowboys Stadium filled with youth, filled with youth and the glory of the Lord.
And the glory of the Lord showing up in those services like that.
'I'm going to set your youth free. I'm going to set the youth free.
Satan came after the youth hard, but I'm coming after them harder. And I'm going to deliver them. I'm going to set them free.
And I'm going to put a fire in them.'I hear the Spirit of the Lord say this.
I hear it, I see it, and I see a revival in the youth. The college campuses will be filled with my glory.
The college campuses will just start with one and it will spread like fire.
'For it's my desire, for the sexual perversions and the drugs and the alcohol that they go there for before—they'll be coming for the glory.
They'll be coming for the glory, the glorious manifestation of my glory.'Oh, He's emptying them out. 'The liberal thinking, the liberal teachings.
That liberal thinking, that liberal stinking thinking—the kids won't even take the classes and be like, "I'm not going to take that anymore unless you stop teaching that trash."You see, if you're not funding it, they'll stop teaching it.
The money dries up. Money's power for them.'I see it. 'Don't get stuck there,'He said.
Now I'm seeing children in grade schools. The glory of God breaking out in grade schools.
I see grade school in like little classrooms and the glory and the presence of the Lord coming off your children in schools instead of the LGBTQ.
It's going to be the glory. You're going to see the glory, their liberal thinking.
I see it in California. I'm in Californian schools. I feel the glory on my head.
The Lord said, 'I'm about to deal with Gavin. I'm about to deal with Gavin.
His days are numbered in his position.'His days are numbered.
He said, 'He's had a stench before my nose.'I hear Him. I see Gavin's face right now.
Great corruption, an uncovering of great corruption on multiple levels beyond your comprehension.
There's a bunch of governors. I see them. And He said, 'There's even Republicans, Bren.'That's what He just said.
It's not just a Democratic thing. There's a lot of corruption that's going to be exposed in the days ahead.
I'm dealing with politics. Do I say that, Lord, out loud, what I just saw?
He said because seedtime and harvest is accelerating. Seedtime and harvest.
What you sow, you'll reap. And he said, "The sowers and the reapers, I've warned you again.
The seers and the reapers will go hand in hand. It won't be a long time.
It'll be seedtime and harvest. I've said this again. And it won't be when you sow financial seeds.
It won't be a long time. It'll be quick manifestations of what you've been believing for with favor.
With favor, multiplied favor. Favor instead of labor. Favor is what he says.
And you'll see seedtime and harvest accelerating on all fronts.
And there it'll look like judgment, but it's acceleration of seedtime and harvest.
The blessing and the judgment will go hand in hand. Blessing and judgment will go hand in hand.
A right hand, a left hand. That's what I see. But it's just seedtime and harvest.
Exposing darkness in my church. Exposing darkness in leadership in the church. More to come. Cleaning of the house. More to come.
Because the glory, you know, it'll be like Ananias and Sapphira when the glory was there.
When the glory is there, do you see that? It's cleansing. But when the glory comes to a certain level and sin's in it, it deals with it.
The glory deals with it. He's not holding it back. That's why with Moses, he had to—I see it, Diana.
It's like you take off your shoes. It's holy ground. But it's the glory.
It's holy. No more refraining from this level of glory. It's like the restraint, it's been restrained.
It's coming down, the heaviness. But it causes holiness. The glory causes holiness.
It's a purifier because he is holy. God is holy. There's no dirtiness.
Glory comes out and it cleanses the body. It cleanses things.
It causes exposing of things. Repentance, holiness. Things that you used to have stinking thinking as. He said, "You've been thinking wrong.
A lot of you have been thinking wrong, justifying the way you've been living."And he's bringing a light on it.
And the more the glory comes on your life, it exposes it and cleans you up.
You won't want it. He's going to deal with it. You can't have light and darkness in the house at the same time.
Either there's light or there's darkness. You flip on the light and it exposes the darkness, cleanses things.
They don't coexist. I see it. He says, "Where I'm at, Brandon, I will not have this. And there is a lot of compromise and a lot of sin in my church.
And as I come in in the glorious outpouring of what I'm about to do, I'm exposing the darkness that is inside of you."That's what he said.
"That is exposing the darkness. Do you see? And the people are walking in it."And the more the glory comes on them, it cleanses and it purifies people.
Glory to God, Diana. And makes us more like—he said, "I'm making you more like me."Making you more like me.
Come up higher. Come up higher to the fire. There can't be too much mixture.
You can't distinguish the church from the world. There's too much mixture. And the glory is going to do this.
I see it so much so that there's so much weight of the glory in services that people can't move.
I'm talking the glory where you actually feel the presence of the Lord is like pushing you over in your chair and you can't get up off the floor because the weight of the glory is coming.
Wow. Diana, I'm seeing it. It's absolutely amazing. Wow. I told you I would visit your Senate floor.
Do you see? I told you I would visit your Senate floor. There's going to be a glorious outpouring on your Senate floor.
There'll be a glorious outpouring on the House floor. Not all will participate, but the ones that do, they'll get drunk in me.
I see the glory, Diana. I see the glory. I'm visiting the people one last time.
I'm visiting this generation one last time. Do you see the world in a great outpouring?
One last time. One last push, one last harvest, and it's done.
All of hell is freaking out. All of hell is at attention. I see it. They're trembling at him.
They know every knee will bow, every tongue will confess that he is God.
He is Lord. He's an all-consuming fire. That's interesting.
He said, "Even in my holiest churches, the people that walk closest, there's even become a mixture in them.
Things that you wouldn't have dreamed of allowing in, things that you watch on a daily basis, you wouldn't have dreamed of watching and allowing in your spiritual eyes."He said things that are repulsive.
And he said, "Because a little leaven ruins the whole loaf, the lump, just a little bit."And they've allowed more and more compromise and compromise.
And over time, what used to be repulsive is becoming the norm.
He said, "I'm bringing back that purity. I'm bringing back that holiness.
I'm coming back for a bride without spot or wrinkle, a holy, pure, pure bride."Do you hear?
"But you have one foot in with the world and you're sleeping with the world, and you see no more."He says, "No more.
And this is great correction."The glory is correction. But it will be fun.
I see it. I see church services. Purify my heart. Let me be as gold.
Pure gold. Fire's fire. My heart's one desire is to be holy, set apart for you, Lord.
I choose to be holy, set apart for you, my master, ready to do your will.
Purify my life. Let me be as gold and precious silver. Purify my life. I could hear that song.
He said there's like pure gold, pure, precious, purified, cleansed by my blood.
No wrinkles, no spots. It's glorious. Change me, Father. Change us.
Change us, Lord. Change us, Father. I thank you, Lord, that we are not that compromise.
We are not that compromise, Father, that when you see us, you see purity by your blood, by your washing of the blood.
But, Father, we don't want that mixture. We don't want the mixture. Glory to God.
And deliverances, great deliverances from demonic oppression will come off this people.
Praise God. I saw deliverances. I see demons fleeing, people walking in.
They've got demonic stuff on them and they're just getting delivered.
The glory of the Lord is setting his people free. Where there's glory, the demons have to flee.
Watch that. Watch this level of glory. And it will start to radiate even outside in the parking lot.
It will radiate even outside into the next neighborhoods, like blocks down.
This is something that has never been done before like this.
You see like how Azusa Street was blocked. People got off trains and they started falling out.
He said, "I'm going to do it not just in one place. It's going to be all over the place."Churches, the glory like it was in one place, Azusa.
This is multiple locations where the glory in the neighborhoods, it radiates from the church and people see the fire and they're going to feel the glory outside in their neighborhoods, and people are going to get delivered as they drive by in the neighborhoods and they're going to go, "What is going on?"—from alcoholism, drug addiction, from pornographies, from prostitution.
Glory of the Lord is going to set people free. Watch. Praise God.
And they're coming for repentance. They're going to come. I see altars filled with people repenting.
I'm talking on their knees. Altars packed with bikers. I see bikers. I see gang members.
I see gang members with red on one side and blue on the other, all repenting in the same room.
Praise God. I'm not kidding you. I see it in a vision right now.
I'm talking the Bloods and the Crips in the same room getting saved and filled with the Holy Ghost together.
I'm talking gang members getting saved. Praise God. Bloods and the Crips and the Latin Kings and all that.
I'm talking people getting born again in these services. Diana, I'm seeing gang members.
I'm seeing thugs getting born again on altars with all red and all blue and all black, and all these people coming in and getting born again.
Wow. I see prostitutes coming in. They're walking in and they're getting born again.
Just people in the neighborhoods, in some of these ghetto, rough neighborhoods, coming in.
God's going to show up and show off. I'm telling you, Diana, I'm seeing this by the Spirit of God right now.
I see it in Vegas, Diana. Casinos emptying out. Casinos emptying out.
The glory of the Lord in some casino. People are just holding Holy Ghost meetings in casinos. Wow.
And the casino starts, the glory comes in there and people start getting—and they don't know what to do because the glory's on them in a casino and they're pulling the machine.
The fire of God hits them and they're saying, 'I'm repenting.'They fall on the ground because they don't know what's going on with them.
They have to crawl, and they want to go to Jesus at the altar. 'Lord, Lord, I believe.
Help my unbelief, Lord. I believe. Help my unbelief for what I'm seeing, Lord.
I believe. Help my unbelief.'Wow. Glory to God. Stadiums and football stadiums and hockey games.
I'm talking glory of the Lord showing up, coming down on folks and they can't move.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to deal with them. I'm leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.'Wow.
Lord, when is this going to happen? Is this happening now? Let's do this.
I will be so excited. I see it. He said, 'I'm not just visiting the four walls of churches this time.
I'm visiting the unusual.'That's what he says. 'I'm visiting the unusual.'Hallelujah.
Praise God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Lord, I just want to give you a hug.
I just want to give you a hug. It's like, 'Oh, I just want to give you a hug.'I'm so excited about it, Lord. When? I want to be a part of this.
I saw movies similar to what it was whenever they came out with the Passion of the Christ—a new Passion of the Christ glory coming in.
There's something fixing to happen in movie theaters. I see actual people coming and watching these movies and getting healed in the movie theaters.
I'm telling you, a major movie—these things are about to happen in movie theaters.
I see we need to pray for Mel Gibson. Mel Gibson. There's a lot of demonic pressure there to pray for Mel Gibson.
There's an attack, but it's because there's something coming. I see Mel Gibson's face.
Father, we just lift him up before you, Father, and I thank you that he finishes his race, that he would have a visitation from you in a way that shakes him all the way through.
And Father, whatever it is about Mel Gibson, I thank you, Lord, that he is on fire for you.
That he finds whatever this is, Lord, I ask you, God, to touch him on a deeper, intimate level with you in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hands off of Mel Gibson. Get your hands off of him.
He will live long and finish strong and finish what God has called him to do in the name of Jesus.
And the Lord will work through him and there will be a great work in the name of Jesus. Father, I thank you, Lord, even for Elon Musk again.
Father, we pray over him that he would have a visitation from you in the midnight hour.
I ask you, God, to save his soul, that he is delivered from the Nephilim.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, God. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God.
Hallelujah. We pray over President Trump. We pray over our Congress.
We pray over that this revival goes from sea to shining sea—the revival capital of the world.
Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father. Glory to God.
Hallelujah. Delivered, delivered in the name of Jesus. Glory to God. Hallelujah.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for all that you've revealed to us today, Lord. Thank you, Father.
We have anticipation and we're expecting, Father, the manifestations of it.
Thank you, Father. Is there anything else, Lord? Thank you, Father.
Thank you for this prayer session today. Well, glory to God.
Well, I pray this video richly blesses you today. I'm excited about it.
I mean, seriously, we should be excited. We should be running around the house right now.
I mean, seriously, the greatest harvest and manifestations of the glory we've ever seen before, ever.
Today, he was talking about Pentecost Sunday. So, big things are going to start to happen, folks.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed. Please help me. Please help me with this.
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed. Click the notification bell.
Help us get the gospel out. We're desperate. We want it so badly that the gospel get out to the whole world.
And it's only by this YouTube channel right now that the Lord is using me on, for my family.
So, I'm excited to be on here and I pray that it's blessing you. This is fun.
I mean, this has been awesome to see what the Lord's done with it.
But it takes the algorithm, and clicking, commenting something down below, subscribing, notification bell, all those things to help it on this platform.
And we really appreciate it. Thank you for all your kind words, your love for my family, showing us love.
It's been so nice that you would be so kind. There's so many people saying, 'Hey, we appreciate you, Brandon.'We just, you know, whatever.
We just—I like the nice comments. Thank you for them. We really appreciate it.
It's encouraging. We just want to say this: thank you. God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you and he is coming soon.
He is coming soon. Get ready. Get ready. Get ready for the greatest manifestations of his glory we've ever seen.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you. We'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.